welcome dancers welcome dance teachers I
would like to introduce to you a basic
introduction to run the Jean on there
for me personally I find Romney's llaman
lair something that is very difficult to
master
but once you've mastered it it has a
great element of dynamic through the
musicality its anatomical advantages
that you are mobilizing the knee it's a
difficult exercise to master correctly
but I will attempt now to show you
Rhonda's llaman layer and the function
of it and what it's actually good for so
Rhonda's llaman layer on the or and what
for it's the same as part a an outward
movement
Rhonda's on on there on Dior now I will
show you Rhonda John on layer under damn
so the leg is coming in in in it's
basically you're making a very thin de
shape so you're coming in straight and
you're making a D the same with under da
you're going straight and you're making
a little D it's very good for the
mobilization of the knee it's very good
for strengthening the flexor and the
quadriceps there are many different
preparations for this here is one so a
little attitude a 25-dollar wherever
they expending under your on do under
your buff buff and exactly the same
under done you make yourself a little
attitude at twenty five try to extend
and the arm and the leg together is you
go dances up under the
another under da fermo
so the basic is on to your single Rhonda
shaman layer and single Rhonda's I'm
under DA then you have double and this
is an exciting one for me this is for me
for the musicality for the dynamics of
the muscles again you start with a
little thong little bit there are many
ways you can do that
you can also do that on a releve you can
do that on a flat you can do flat you
can do
relevé you can do plie it's a very good
exercise as I say it's quite a demanding
one to actually master completely using
the leg
be careful dancers that you don't bunch
the quadriceps really extend it really
extend that long long but laughs I hope
that helped thank you very much if you
have any comments or you would like to
get a bit more information about this
please you're very welcome to come to
our website and if you want to comment
please do thank you very much